Explanation

Understanding the problem
The error message TypeError: d.map is not a function indicates that you are attempting to call the map method on a variable d that is not an array or an array-like object. The map method is a built-in JavaScript method that is only available on arrays. It's used to iterate over an array and create a new array by applying a function to each element.

The provided code snippet doesn't directly show where d.map is being called. The stack trace points to uY function within index--gPoEiXS.js as the location of the error. This suggests that the d variable, whatever it is in that function, is not an array as expected.

Suggested fix
To fix this, you need to identify what d represents in the uY function and ensure it's an array before attempting to call map on it. Since the code for uY is not provided, here are possible approaches:

Inspect d: Use debugger in Chrome DevTools to pause execution at the line where d.map is called (indicated by the stack trace index--gPoEiXS.js:273:200315). Inspect the value and type of the d variable to understand why it's not an array.
Check the data source: Trace back where the value of d is coming from. If it's from an API response or some other data source, ensure that the data being assigned to d is indeed an array.
Add a check: Before calling d.map, add a check to ensure d is an array.
Here's an example of how you might add a check if d is expected to be an array:

Code

if (Array.isArray(d)) {
  // Your existing code that uses d.map
  d.map(...);
} else {
  console.error("Expected d to be an array, but received:", d);
  // Handle the case where d is not an array (e.g., skip the mapping,
  // display an error message to the user, etc.)
}
Use code snippets with caution

Summary
The error TypeError: d.map is not a function means you're trying to use the array map method on something that isn't an array. Debug the code to find where d is defined and used in the uY function, check its value and source, and ensure it's an array before calling map or add a check to handle non-array values gracefully.